(DOCSP-27945) Bearer Auth: Client API Keys & Throughput (#354)
mongodb/docs-app-services: source/includes/dont-use-api-key-in-browsers.rst

> .. important::

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.. important:: Don't Use API Key Auth from User-Facing Clients
```

think would be beneficial to have smthn like this to underscore the note.

feel free to adjust phrasing.

>    If you're authenticating from a browser or another user-facing environment,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   If you're authenticating from a browser or another user-facing client application,
```

i think this captures the idea a little better, but if i'm missing the point feel free to reject suggestion
